In this preview I have a shortened version of the introduction as well as the start of the "song" itself. The transistion between the introduction and the beginning of the song is currently a little rough due to some missing assets that I'll be filling in - water running, a cutting board slamming against the counter, shopping bags dropping to the ground and a small sigh. Hopefully, I'll have a couple more sounds as well a bit of breathing room before the "song" officially starts so it feels less sudden.

For the "song" itself, I want the sound of a knife cutting against a cutting board to be the main beat. This will play throughout most of the entire track. Since I haven't had a need to cut potatoes or any foods yet, I temporarily sourced a cutting sound from  online just to build this preview, however I will be eventually converting that into something that I recorded myself. If anyone is familiar with music, this will be in 4/4 time and I'll be slowly introducing more and more kitchen sounds that match with the beat every two measures. This isn't quite a "song" per say, as it won't have a melody, but I think it should convey a busy feeling as more and more things need to be done. Eventually, it'll wind down as the food finishes cooking. The current preview is a bit naked and short - I don't want to get too far without my key beat (which I will be recording Friday while cooking a feast) but I do introduce two of the sounds I've recorded so far. Currently still debating on the overall tempo of the "song" - I feel like it may need to be a little faster, but I also think that's something that might be easier to adjust after I'm done with everything and can hear the whole thing.