Initial Preview:
In this preview I have a shortened version of the introduction as well as the start of the "song" itself. The transistion between the introduction and the beginning of the song is currently a little rough due to some missing assets that I'll be filling in - water running, a cutting board slamming against the counter, shopping bags dropping to the ground and a small sigh. Hopefully, I'll have a couple more sounds as well a bit of breathing room before the "song" officially starts so it feels less sudden.

For the "song" itself, I want the sound of a knife cutting against a cutting board to be the main beat. This will play throughout most of the entire track. Since I haven't had a need to cut potatoes or any foods yet, I temporarily sourced a cutting sound from  online just to build this preview, however I will be eventually converting that into something that I recorded myself. If anyone is familiar with music, this will be in 4/4 time and I'll be slowly introducing more and more kitchen sounds that match with the beat every two measures. This isn't quite a "song" per say, as it won't have a melody, but I think it should convey a busy feeling as more and more things need to be done. Eventually, it'll wind down as the food finishes cooking. The current preview is a bit naked and short - I don't want to get too far without my key beat (which I will be recording Friday while cooking a feast) but I do introduce two of the sounds I've recorded so far. Currently still debating on the overall tempo of the "song" - I feel like it may need to be a little faster, but I also think that's something that might be easier to adjust after I'm done with everything and can hear the whole thing.

Full Draft:
In this draft, I have the full length version of my soundscape. In it, I am displaying the story of someone trying to cook dinner for two, however, halfway through she finds out that she has less time than expected and has to rush to finish. I use a variety of sounds from the kitchen, some more recognizable than others, to create a slow build up at first as the MC begins to get deeper and deeper into cooking. Then the sounds cut out abruptly as she is interrupted by a phone call, where she learns that she has much less time than originally planned to finish cooking.

In the second half of the piece, I play with tempo and pitch as well as stereo tracks (second part will be best listened to with headphones for the full effect) to show a gradual buildup of tension and panic, which all eventually release. I've decided to leave it relatively ambiguous as to whether or not the MC ended up finishing cooking or not. I'm not entirely too sure about all the transitions and I'm little bit afraid that the second half of piece gets a little bit muddled with the amount of sounds. Some of the sounds aren't quite obvious what they are but I wanted to focus more on the emotion of panic rather than the individual sounds. I think the ending needs a little bit more editing - it's not quite as impactful and forceful as I'd like, but for a draft, I think it's a good place to start. The biggest thing right now is I'm not sure if it's conveying the story that I want it to tell successfully, mostly due to the fact that some of the kitchen cooking sounds aren't entirely obvious. It was more difficult than I thought to create rhythmic yet recognizable sounds.